Let's code it and
If we take.
Cool
Let's take n.
Let's take the array as well.
And.
Let's take the map, so in map.
What I can say is I can give this key as a big value, which is 10 to the power 9
And let's move forward in the array.
I'm going from zero to N.
What I’ll say is that I simply say that mp[a[i]], whatever the values there, I just say it is.
Okay.
So.
It can be equal to mp[a[i]-1].
It basically I there was a[i] in my case, the i took in this recursive function what this simply says is
that what three.
Instead of MP lets call it as DP
Then it will be more clear rip dp[a[i]] = dp[a[i]-1] + 1
Whatever the best ending its previous member can give till now.
Plus, add this after that
And similarly, when this whole off it finishes, then you can find out what's the best answer.
And when we find out, what's the best answer the trick lies here, right.
So I have to print K.
Which is the l i s okay
Let me.
Right.
Did we find the l i s, let me completely code it.
Because in this the BP part is very small.
The second part is that you have to actually print the indices of those elements which are needed.
And I think that is also very easy, because right now what happens is we know what is the value of k
the length of the longest increasing sequence, and we know where it will end.
That will give me this whole range, which is x to something.
What I just need to do is I need to find out the first index of X then the first index of X plus one after
that, after the first index of x + 2 to then X plus three and so on.
And I just print it till the last value, the last index.
Right.
Oh, so you can try.
to solve it yourself.
Hmm.
Of the printing thing, right?
I hope you can do it yourself.
I'm just finding the value of K here.
Let’s say k is 0, k is max of k,
x.
second.
The second value in this map.
And let’s say cout k
Hmm.
It will take some time because.
We copy this.
So the value here is 4.
Is it 4?
Yeah, it's 4.
Let's.
Let's talk about this six.
It's a very easy, simple recursivation.
Look, can easily see that the problem is very high.
And the main idea of this problem is not that the DP is very simple, just that you have to print.
The indices of the sequence as well, which is also very easy, it is just implementation problem.
Right the DP is not tough and you just have to use a map because the numbers are huge for this.
For the second case, we have 2 we have 2 I'm just leaving this to you on what is the best order in
which you can print this the sequences.
But I would always suggest you to take the hint from here that when you know the ending, you know the
ending right here.
Start first is the number on which you dent the maximum value.
You can find out where it ends.
With the help of that, you can find out x the starting of the sequence and from x what you can do it
you can start traversing the array.
Wherever you find x print that index, then travel further wherever you find x plus one now printed that index and
so on.
Till you find this x + k - 1
I hope it makes sense.
And yeah, see you in the next part.
Thanks.